So we're passing in our history, which is an empty array as of right now.
And over here we can see focus is taking history.
Now the first thing we want to do is we want to ensure that, you know, if we don't have in history
at all.
Or we don't have a history that length.
Let's just not render anything out, let's just keep it very simple.
We don't want to see the focus history if we haven't focused on anything.
And then what we would like to do is kind of build out a title.
So what we're going to grab here is we're going to grab stylesheet.
And we're going to do.
As we always you can't styles is equal to stylesheet.
Doc, create.
And what we're going to put in here is we're going to put in a title.
And we're going to grab our colors from our colors map.
So we're going to import colors.
From start slash utils colors, and we're going to see over here color white colors that white.
That's the first thing we need to do, and then we can do font size.
And we can say fine, and then we'll grab font sizes.
So let's grab font size all sizes from sizes.
I think it's you two sizes.
So let's cap font sizes thought large.
And over here, what we'll do is we'll say style is equal to styles thought.
And title.
Boom.
And with that, let's disable this line for a second and see if our styles come through.
OK, focus features will be built here.
Now the first thing we're going to do over here is while we build this feature, let's fill up our array
with something so that we can.
Figure it out, temp feature focused.
So we go back to our focus history.
We go back over here.
And the one thing we want to do is we want to text Align Center so that the text is centered on the
screen, but we don't want this title to be focused featured.
We want it to be what should we fill in here?
Things we've focused on?
And now that we do that, you can see like it looks a bit off like, I don't want it to be this large,
so let's put it to medium.
That looks a bit better.
It looks a bit better, but centering it really doesn't feel right, like it looks a bit off on the
screen, so let's remove that.
And then over here, this doesn't look right because it doesn't have any padding, so let's add some
padding to it, and let's say we take the spacing here and let's say spacing that medium.
And that way, it doesn't stick to the size of the screen.
Is that a comma here?
Boom.
Things we focused on.
And maybe we'll make it.
Font weight and we'll say bold.
There we go.
That's nice, now that we have that, we basically need to figure out, OK, how am I going to visualize
things onto the screen?
And so for that, we're going to need something called flat list.
Flat list is an interface, a react component, react native components specifically that allows us
to render out lists of items.
And when we look at it, it's very basic usage is you give it an array of data.
You tell it the shape of your item.
You define the function that's going to render out each individual item.
And then you give it data, you give it the render function that it requires, and you can potentially
give it a key extractor.
Now, key extractors in React Native are used to extract the unique key for a given element.
Key is used for caching in react to track the item ordering the default behavior.
A flawless is to look for item key.
So it expects an item in an array to be an object is looking for item LAKI.
Then it'll look for items that it.
If it can't find either, it will just use index.
Now, keys are an important concept in React lists for performance, but also ordering and react defining
when dynamic elements come into the list.
If you just use index, if you're trying to insert things in the middle of a data array, what could
happen is that things start jumping around and things don't look right.
So it's important to use unique keys whenever you do this.
Now, it's not absolutely necessary.
And in this specific scenario, I don't necessarily see a need since we're not dynamically injecting
in the middle of arrays and things like that, so we could fall back to index here.
It's important to know, though, that if you're using more complex data, shapes always use keys.
So what we're going to do here is we're going to grab a flat list and what we'll do is we'll define
the flat list below our text.
We'll say flat list.
And now we need our data, our well, our data array is equal to our history.
We're going to say render item is equal to render item and will define render item up here after this,
we'll say render items equal to.
And the default behavior for us will be to use text.
And what we'll see is we'll take an item and we'll render out item.
By doing this, what will visualize is black text on the screen that just shows us what we put into
the array, and the default key will be the index, which is OK for our use case right here right now.
Now one of the things we want to do, though, is kind of create.
A item.
And give it a specific look because we don't want it to just be like any old item.
So let's give it font size, medium.
Just like we did over here.
And we'll make it white as well.
And then let's give it to the item.
Style is equal to styles.
Thought I'd.
And over here, we can now see that our item is being rendered out.
Now we don't want to apply padding to everything.
So let's go create a container class here.
And then, let's say spacing about Medium.
Let's format it prettier.
And let's say style is equal to Styles container.
Boom!
Now.
I want the padding top on each item to be small.
To give it a little bit of spacing.
And let's see what that does.
And I want every item to have kind of.
A indicator that they are an item, but not right there.
Let's do it over here.
There we go.
Now we can see what we focused on in a list, and it's a flat list.
So.
Eventually, when it reaches a certain size, it should be scrollable.
Now let's make sure that this is Flex one, so that takes up the full space.
And then now we can see, hey, now I can actually scroll it when we didn't give this Flex one, it
was only filling in the space it required, which doesn't allow us to scroll.
But when we apply Flex one right here now, our flat list is taking up all of the space it requires.
So now we can scroll nice little interactive feature.
Now that we have all of that working in the next video, let's look at how we can fill up our focus
list with the items that we focused on.